What is NPM?
    npm also known popularly as Node Package Manager, it is a package for javaScript specifically
    designed for nodeJS, it has tons of open source packages which can be installed and uninstalled
    via the npm commands like "npm install" or "npm uninstall" etc, it also aids in updating 
    packages and setting version control.

What is Parcel/Webpack?
    Parcel is bundler means it is a package that deals with tons of features like tree shaking
    Hot Module Replacement, minification etc, it has the ability to organize the modules and make
    the project ready for deployment.

What is .parcel-cache?
    cache is basically  intermediary files, they are set of files generated when you run parcel 
    command these files helps in saving time by not recompiling the same files again such as 
    javascript file. it also has graph that maintains what modules are being used and where, and
    what are the unused code and modules etc.

What is npx?
    npx is a command used to run the file without installing any dependencies.

What are Dependencies and DevDependencies?
    Dependencies are packages needed when durin the project production and building, These are 
    needed to run your project effectively, DevDependencies on the other hand are packages which
    are required only during testing, deployment, and building.

What is tree shaking?
    Tree shaking is a process that removes unused code from your JavaScript bundle, 
    resulting in a smaller file size. This technique is inspired by the idea of shaking a tree 
    to remove loose leaves.this results in a smaller file size and builds a much faster and 
    effective project.

What is Hot Module Replacement?
    HRM is an algorithm used in Parcel and other bundlers which replaces the modules without
    disturbing the execution of a code.

What is .gitignore?
    gitignore is a git file that makes sure what files to be ignored when we make a push or 
    when we stage the files to be pushed, this files are supposed to be dependencies and cache 
    and other stuff which isnt needed to be saved as they as generated for every execution.

what is package.json and package-lock.json?
    package.json is a file generated by npm which holds meta data about the project and also 
    acts as a blueprint to execute dependencies and scripts and other meta-data. Where as 
    package-lock.json is a file that acts as a detailed snapshot of all the dependencies at 
    the time of build.

Why should we not push node_modules?
    node_modules are installed via the package.json so we dont need to push node_modules which 
    takes tons of space, instead we can just push the package.json and the user can replicate
    exact dependencies and download them.this saves memory space in github and keeps the repository
    clean and organized

what is dist folder?
    dist folder also known as Distribution folder, it contains all the optimized, compiled and
    bundled code for web application.

What is browserlist?
    Browserlist is basically a third party service that lets you know what kind of version 
    our web application can perform and how many different types and versions of machines it 
    can reach.we can use this in package.json so that parcel can optimize the code to run it
    on the given query of versions.

^ and ~
    ^ means that package.json will automatically update the package as long as its a minor update,
    ~ means that package.json will automatically update the package regardless of minor or major 
      update.

Script types:
    Module:This type lets the js know that it can import and export modules and deal with modules
    CommonJS: this type lets the js know that its a normal javaScript file.