What is Emmet?
    Emmet is  a developing tool which works almost like auto-correcting for html and css languages,its inbuilt in vsCode.
 
Differnce between a library and Framework
    library is a set of functions and classes that acts as a tool to develop applications where as framework is an already 
    defined structure that lets us build applications in a pre-defined manner which is both an advatage and limitation
    as it does not give us much flexibility and freedom.

What is a CDN? Why do we use it?
    Content Delivery Network is a network of servers transfering data like images, files, audio etc, in such a way that the
    user gets the data from the closest server as to reduce delay and provide much faster means of data sharing.

Why is React known as React?
    usually for a webpage to update data we have to refresh but with the use of react only the specific part of the webpage 
    would update instead of the whole webpage this is the reason its called "react" as it "reacts" to new data spontaneously.

What is cross-origin in Script tag?
    There is a policy called Same Origin Policy(SOP) which states that web-browsers can access scripts from only one origin
    which is the local one (or server) this is done as a security measure to stop other scripts from internet to access the 
    local data, so if we actually want to access scripts from the web we tell the script tag that yes this server is reliable
    by adding 'cross-origin' to the scipt tag.

WHat is the differnce between React and React-DOM?
    React is the core library used to build a reactive and dynamic webpages, React-DOM is a script that creates a virtual DOM
    and lets the browser render react elements much faster , effectively.

What is the differnce between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
    Development here has features like debugging tools, error messages etc whereas production.js dosent have these features 
    instead it has a much lighter and simplified code for faster executing.



